Add comment to CUDA example (#10)
mpi-forum/mem-alloc: mem_alloc.tex

    MPI_Comm_size(system_comm, &nranks);

    /** Check for CUDA awareness **/
    

>     // Note: MPI does not limit program execution with different
>     // levels of device awareness on different processes (e.g.
>     // some processes support CUDA managed allocations, and some
>     // do not). This example operates with homogeneous support
>     // across all processes for simplicity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Note: MPI does not require homogeneous support
    // across all processes for memory allocation kinds.
    // This example chooses to use
    // CUDA managed allocations only when
    // all processes report that it is supported.
```

Author: I had meant for this note to address the `cuda_device_aware` check as well. We could repeat the note, but I'd prefer to avoid doing that. How about this modification to the last sentence?

```suggestion
    // Note: MPI does not require homogeneous support
    // across all processes for memory allocation kinds.
    // This example chooses to use
    // CUDA managed allocations (or device allocations)
    // only when all processes report it is supported.
```

Reviewer: @rzambre The edit looks good.
